.TH "kitten-@" "1" "Jun 22, 2024" "0.35.2" "kitten Manual"
.SH Name
kitten-@ \- Control kitty remotely
.SH Usage
.SY "kitten @ [global options] [sub-command] [sub-command options] [sub-command args]"
.YS
.SH Description
Control kitty by sending it commands. Set the allow_remote_control option in 
.I kitty.conf for this to work. When run without any sub\-commands this will start an interactive shell to control kitty.
.SH Commands
.TP 2
action
Run the specified mappable action. See: 
.MR kitten-@-action 1
.TP 2
close-tab
Close the specified tabs. See: 
.MR kitten-@-close-tab 1
.TP 2
close-window
Close the specified windows. See: 
.MR kitten-@-close-window 1
.TP 2
create-marker
Create a marker that highlights specified text. See: 
.MR kitten-@-create-marker 1
.TP 2
detach-tab
Detach the specified tabs and place them in a different/new OS window. See: 
.MR kitten-@-detach-tab 1
.TP 2
detach-window
Detach the specified windows and place them in a different/new tab. See: 
.MR kitten-@-detach-window 1
.TP 2
disable-ligatures
Control ligature rendering. See: 
.MR kitten-@-disable-ligatures 1
.TP 2
env
Change environment variables seen by future children. See: 
.MR kitten-@-env 1
.TP 2
focus-tab
Focus the specified tab. See: 
.MR kitten-@-focus-tab 1
.TP 2
focus-window
Focus the specified window. See: 
.MR kitten-@-focus-window 1
.TP 2
get-colors
Get terminal colors. See: 
.MR kitten-@-get-colors 1
.TP 2
get-text
Get text from the specified window. See: 
.MR kitten-@-get-text 1
.TP 2
goto-layout
Set the window layout. See: 
.MR kitten-@-goto-layout 1
.TP 2
kitten
Run a kitten. See: 
.MR kitten-@-kitten 1
.TP 2
last-used-layout
Switch to the last used layout. See: 
.MR kitten-@-last-used-layout 1
.TP 2
launch
Run an arbitrary process in a new window/tab. See: 
.MR kitten-@-launch 1
.TP 2
load-config
(Re)load a config file. See: 
.MR kitten-@-load-config 1
.TP 2
ls
List tabs/windows. See: 
.MR kitten-@-ls 1
.TP 2
new-window
Open new window. See: 
.MR kitten-@-new-window 1
.TP 2
remove-marker
Remove the currently set marker, if any.. See: 
.MR kitten-@-remove-marker 1
.TP 2
resize-os-window
Resize the specified OS Windows. See: 
.MR kitten-@-resize-os-window 1
.TP 2
resize-window
Resize the specified windows. See: 
.MR kitten-@-resize-window 1
.TP 2
run
Run a program on the computer in which kitty is running and get the output. See: 
.MR kitten-@-run 1
.TP 2
scroll-window
Scroll the specified windows. See: 
.MR kitten-@-scroll-window 1
.TP 2
select-window
Visually select a window in the specified tab. See: 
.MR kitten-@-select-window 1
.TP 2
send-key
Send arbitrary key presses to the specified windows. See: 
.MR kitten-@-send-key 1
.TP 2
send-text
Send arbitrary text to specified windows. See: 
.MR kitten-@-send-text 1
.TP 2
set-background-image
Set the background image. See: 
.MR kitten-@-set-background-image 1
.TP 2
set-background-opacity
Set the background opacity. See: 
.MR kitten-@-set-background-opacity 1
.TP 2
set-colors
Set terminal colors. See: 
.MR kitten-@-set-colors 1
.TP 2
set-enabled-layouts
Set the enabled layouts in tabs. See: 
.MR kitten-@-set-enabled-layouts 1
.TP 2
set-font-size
Set the font size in the active top\-level OS window. See: 
.MR kitten-@-set-font-size 1
.TP 2
set-spacing
Set window paddings and margins. See: 
.MR kitten-@-set-spacing 1
.TP 2
set-tab-color
Change the color of the specified tabs in the tab bar. See: 
.MR kitten-@-set-tab-color 1
.TP 2
set-tab-title
Set the tab title. See: 
.MR kitten-@-set-tab-title 1
.TP 2
set-user-vars
Set user variables on a window. See: 
.MR kitten-@-set-user-vars 1
.TP 2
set-window-logo
Set the window logo. See: 
.MR kitten-@-set-window-logo 1
.TP 2
set-window-title
Set the window title. See: 
.MR kitten-@-set-window-title 1
.TP 2
signal-child
Send a signal to the foreground process in the specified windows. See: 
.MR kitten-@-signal-child 1
.PP
Get help for an individual command by running:
.SY kitten @
command -h
.YS
.SH Global options
.TP
.BI "--to" 
An address for the kitty instance to control. Corresponds to the address given to the kitty instance via the 
.B \-\-listen\-on option or the 
.B listen_on setting in 
.I kitty.conf. If not specified, the environment variable 
.B KITTY_LISTEN_ON is checked. If that is also not found, messages are sent to the controlling terminal for this process, i.e. they will only work if this process is run within a kitty window.
.TP
.BI "--password" 
A password to use when contacting kitty. This will cause kitty to ask the user for permission to perform the specified action, unless the password has been accepted before or is pre\-configured in 
.I kitty.conf. To use a blank password specify 
.B \-\-use\-password as always.
.TP
.BI "--password-file" " [=rc\-pass]"
A file from which to read the password. Trailing whitespace is ignored. Relative paths are resolved from the kitty configuration directory. Use \- to read from STDIN. Used if no 
.B \-\-password is supplied. Defaults to checking for the 
.I rc\-pass file in the kitty configuration directory.
.TP
.BI "--password-env" " [=KITTY_RC_PASSWORD]"
The name of an environment variable to read the password from. Used if no 
.B \-\-password\-file is supplied. Defaults to checking the environment variable 
.B KITTY_RC_PASSWORD.
.TP
.BI "--use-password" " [=if\-available]"
If no password is available, kitty will usually just send the remote control command without a password. This option can be used to force it to always or never use the supplied password. If set to always and no password is provided, the blank password is used.

Choices: if-available, always, never
.SH Options
.TP
.BI "--help, -h" 
Show help for this command
