.TH "kitten-@-set-font-size" "1" "Jun 22, 2024" "0.35.2" "kitten Manual"
.SH Name
kitten-@-set-font-size \- Set the font size in the active top\-level OS window
.SH Usage
.SY "kitten @ set-font-size  FONT_SIZE"
.YS
.SH Description
Sets the font size to the specified size, in pts. Note that in kitty all sub\-windows in the same OS window must have the same font size. A value of zero resets the font size to default. Prefixing the value with a + or \- increments the font size by the specified amount. Use \-\- before using \- to have it not mistaken for a option. For example: kitten @ set\-font\-size \-\- \-2
.SH Options
.TP
.BI "--all, -a" 
By default, the font size is only changed in the active OS window, this option will cause it to be changed in all OS windows. It also changes the font size for any newly created OS Windows in the future.
.TP
.BI "--help, -h" 
Show help for this command
.SH Global options
.TP
.BI "--to" 
An address for the kitty instance to control. Corresponds to the address given to the kitty instance via the 
.B \-\-listen\-on option or the 
.B listen_on setting in 
.I kitty.conf. If not specified, the environment variable 
.B KITTY_LISTEN_ON is checked. If that is also not found, messages are sent to the controlling terminal for this process, i.e. they will only work if this process is run within a kitty window.
.TP
.BI "--password" 
A password to use when contacting kitty. This will cause kitty to ask the user for permission to perform the specified action, unless the password has been accepted before or is pre\-configured in 
.I kitty.conf. To use a blank password specify 
.B \-\-use\-password as always.
.TP
.BI "--password-file" " [=rc\-pass]"
A file from which to read the password. Trailing whitespace is ignored. Relative paths are resolved from the kitty configuration directory. Use \- to read from STDIN. Used if no 
.B \-\-password is supplied. Defaults to checking for the 
.I rc\-pass file in the kitty configuration directory.
.TP
.BI "--password-env" " [=KITTY_RC_PASSWORD]"
The name of an environment variable to read the password from. Used if no 
.B \-\-password\-file is supplied. Defaults to checking the environment variable 
.B KITTY_RC_PASSWORD.
.TP
.BI "--use-password" " [=if\-available]"
If no password is available, kitty will usually just send the remote control command without a password. This option can be used to force it to always or never use the supplied password. If set to always and no password is provided, the blank password is used.

Choices: if-available, always, never
